Hahahaha
Did Dad say it wrong?
The so-called achievement today
All by his own efforts
I just gave a little help
In seven days, I will be in the general's mansion personally given by the female commander
Tie the knot with Xiaolan
My wife and I will see the palace in the future
I will definitely hold a grand wedding for you
Shili Linzhuang
Fengguan Xiakai
Blossom
I want the whole world to know you
Wife left behind without regret
I have so-called
The happiest thing in my life
Just to meet you
This time I prepared Shili Hongzhuang
Fengguan Xiapei
Eight-lift palanquin
I want the whole world to know you
Su Xiaolan is my so-called wife